feat: add GPR Information to UDB (#1150)
riscv-software-src/riscv-unified-db: spec/std/isa/README.adoc

 * `rv64`: A configuration where only `MXLEN` is known to be 64, i.e., the RV64 ISA.

The architecture is specified in a series of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML[YAML]

> files for _Extensions_, _Instructions_, _Registers_, and _Control and Status Registers (CSRs)_.
> Each extension/instruction/register/CSR has its own file.

Reviewer: "RegFiles", "regfile"?
```suggestion
files for _Extensions_, _Instructions_, _RegFiles_, and _Control and Status Registers (CSRs)_.
Each extension/instruction/regfile/CSR has its own file.
```

=== Instructions

=== Registers

.Example register file specification
[source,yaml]
----
$schema: register_schema.json#
kind: register_file
name: X
long_name: Integer General Purpose Registers
definedBy: I
register_class: general_purpose
length: XLEN # <1>
count:
  default: 32
  variants:
    - value: 16
      when: { name: E } # <2>
registers:
  - name: x0
    index: 0
    abi_mnemonic: zero # <3>
    roles: [zero]
  - name: x1
    index: 1
    abi_mnemonic: ra
    roles: [return_address]
----

<1> Register files are defined independently of the resolved XLEN; individual register entries

>     may override the default bit length when necessary.

Reviewer: Is that first phrase true?

I suggest we remove that second phrase and make all registers in each register file the same bit width.

Reviewer 2: "Register files are defined independently of the resolved XLEN"

That's murky. I would just be more explicit: registers can have either a fixed architecture width or take their width from a parameter (e.g., MXLEN, VLEN).
